# Set 7
1. What methods are implemented in `Critter`?
`act`, `getActors`, `processActors`, `getMoveLocations`, `selectMoveLocation`, `makeMove`
2. What are the five basic actions common to all critters when they act?
`getActors`, `processActors`, `getMoveLocations`, `selectMoveLocation`, `makeMove`
3. Should subclasses of `Critter` override the `getActors` method? Explain.
Yes, as long as you need to change the behavior of the method, you will have to override.
4. Describe three ways that a critter could process actors.
Remove all actors, change colors, or even move them.
5. What three methods must be invoked to make a critter move? Explain each of these methods.
`getMoveLocations` is a method that returns a list of locations that the critter can move to. `selectMoveLocation` is a
method that returns the location that the critter will move to. `makeMove` is a method that moves the critter to the
location returned by `selectMoveLocation`.
6. Why is there no `Critter` constructor?
Inheritance. `Critter` inherits from `Actor`.

# Set 8
1. Why does `act` cause a `ChameleonCritter` to act differently from a `Critter` even though `ChameleonCritter` does
not override `act`?
`ChameleonCritter` overrides `processActors` and `makeMove`, which are called by `act`.
2. Why does the `makeMove`method of `ChameleonCritter` call `super.makeMove`?
`ChameleonCritter` inherits from `Critter`, so it calls the `makeMove` method of `Critter`.
3. How would you make the `ChameleonCritter` drop flowers in its old location when it moves?
    ```java
    public class Set8Q3 extends ChameleonCritter {
        
        @Override
        public void makeMove(Location loc) {
            Location oldLoc = getLocation();
            setDirection(getLocation().getDirectionToward(loc));
            super.makeMove(loc);
            if (!oldLoc.equals(loc)) {
                Flower flower = new Flower(getColor());
                flower.putSelfInGrid(getGrid(), oldLoc);
            }
        }
    }
    ```
4. Why doesn't `ChameleonCritter` override the `getActors` method?
`ChameleonCritter` does not need to override the `getActors` method because it does not need to change the behavior of
the method.
5. Which class contains the `getLocation` method?
`Actor`
6. How can a `Critter` access its own grid?
`getGrid()`